Aug 21, 2011
The Great Space Jam (extended cut)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNPLHdQT4tM
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/105276966197923840
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/101728829931375
https://www.redlettermedia.com/shorts-filmsrandom/the-great-space-jam-extended-cut
http://web.archive.org/web/20110920160823/http://blip.tv/redlettermedia/the-great-space-jam-extended-cut-5484859

I am queen Valora of the star Empire my
reign is known throughout vast regions
of space today I am to embark on the
greatest galactic quest ever to conquer
the frag nan Empire with my loyal
Starfleet I decree that the war shall be
named space gem and it will strike fear
in the hearts of our enemies and with
sour loyal evil alien allies the
brothers Warner will this be the most
destructive and greatest war ever
however my mind weighs heavy on one
final very important detail I ask you
what is the purpose of conquering yet
another Empire if the universe cannot
even view it I ask you again
what is the purpose if they cannot read
about the devastation if they cannot
witness the destruction our strategy was
to announce the war and to show all of
the destruction on a very carefully
pre-selected intergalactic web URL www
to Warner Brothers comm slash Space Jam
slash movie slash Jam HTM however this
URL is currently still being used for a
promotional website for a movie called
Space Jam that was released in 1996 I
must have this website so that I can
transmit my plans for intergalactic war
my mission is to find the location of
the server on planet earth that houses
this website and destroy it then I can
be queen of the universe
so when I was 15 I knew that one girl
who had the cutest hair cocks and I've
been trying to get that haircut forever
and you remember when I was pregnant
with Jeffery and you were so rude about
everything and then did you also know I
heard this at the PTA meeting two weeks
ago that Sally Johnson's daughter got
the gay yeah I saw that coming a mile
away cuz you know her uncle touched her
in her pee parts when she was about
three because he had all those issues
with the drinking and the whatnot and I
I firmly believe that when you get
touched in your pee parts by an old
person that it chain that Satan comes
into your heart and makes you a gay you
know you need to come to church me you
have been so weird lately do you still
have the the IBS issues that you were
having you do you remember that one time
that you were so constipated you have
that growth in the side of your stomach
and I said you Simon you need to get to
one of those poop doctors and you just
scuffed enough and you ate all those
bananas and good god I was so ashamed to
you you looked like a real-ass you still
seeing that one girl she pushes you to
do things hmm so we've got a message on
the fucking communication to Tromp it's
from the Commissioner of space
this is the Commissioner of space we
have an emergency
and I'm in need of my top two space
agents Simon Taggart and sue Peterson
holy crap what's our mission the evil
queen Ville up Torah has arrived in
Earth's orbit with the fleet of space
destroyers she's up to no good
you must infiltrate her ship and find
out what she's up to dad and
commissioner so we got a good mission
let's go don't forget we gotta stop by
my house
give me soccer games at 2:00 and I gotta
take my ID act now because I'm all
bloated pulling my back just gave out
hurry
I'm coming forgot the device this thing
costs a million dollars and it just
dropped it haha Oh for Christ's sake
woman Phil told me we should go is
Kentucky bluegrass but I told he was
knee-high to a pig's eye when he learned
about grass because the best grass is
obviously Oh round Topher yes at 3
o'clock we gotta go stop down a portion
that's gonna happen
that girl this spaceship super roomy I
like it here we're gonna slow down why
going so fast in such a gosh-darn hurry
you always do this any time you get
yourself in a metal box go 2,000 miles
an hour oh crap we stopped at that nail
salon on Mars
good God in heaven this place as Nancy
Pataky
it reminds me of that one time that Sue
was remodeling her basement you remember
that and she had that big crew ax those
people that couldn't speak English and
they came in there and they just made a
so gosh darn pretty except she had that
fake wood and it looks so ridiculous and
your marble irrigating carry you guys
wanted to fix your kitchen and I said
you need to go with that Spanish tile
you don't be super great if I was asked
to ask with tom skerritt and then just
to be fair jerked off on us get on the
elevator already we could tape it have
you ever made homemade pizza I was
thinking that I wanted to try doing that
because all those eat did you hear Billy
needs died I just could not believe it
and then he already had a coke addiction
or some crap and it made so much sense
like that to myself why is one person so
excited about mom did you inspect could
rape each other candles with each other
you guys may mix dry-hump cuz I oh they
discovered us let's move I also
guerrillas super worried and then put
stuff inside the other one today we're
kind of all that trying I found a whole
colony of my jewelry Regina I swear I
went to take a piss and the Schuylkill
team on top open Savini mouth
but then I grabbed her on when I was
sleeping I my belly would move around
and at first I thought I was pregnant
that was dry humping that kid from next
door then I found out you couldn't get
sperm inside you from that way was just
sick speaking of fisting what do you
think warrants gonna come out with a new
album
well now I feel like kind of an asshole
come on let's go
I knew a guy in a wheelchair once he was
the captain at Jimmy's maccarty
he just roll over - goddamn please crap
oh crap you better stop this - evil
alien bit on - are you doesn't matter
who I am but if you need an arm suit
Peterson this is my kick-ass friend
Simon we're here to stop you from
cheating on the Space Jam website is
this a joke you don't understand my kid
loved that crap this is ridiculous I am
a Mormon
and in my house the only thing they're
allowed to is go to Space Jam website at
8:00 a.m. no 9:30 before their milk and
cookies if they don't have that website
they're gonna be more discreet silence I
have been waiting my whole damn life for
this website and not you nor anyone will
be able to take that away from me the
one thing that would work only one man
that could help me in this situation
aah oh my god ever hear of Jesus Christ
Jesus is a man who died for your sins
even aliens because I believe in aliens
and I believe that heaven is space so
you're kind of like an angel and you
should believe in him because he comes
to you he will tell you there's a Space
Jam website just stay up here let me
show you some 551 18 and that was who
taketh the Space Jam web site without
the replication of the mother shall
always be delivered unto help but he is
found wicked God say it now keepeth I
Space Jam website now she'll be filled
with joy if it's she or he leave his
office nice website Leah shall be
remained and ever for heaven
suck on that yeah alien bit we will do
anything in our powers and I mean
anything in our powers to keep you from
keeping that damn website Space Jam for
you know Space Jam for your children
absolutely not Space Jam for Queen Ville
up to her yes oh yes yes oh yeah fuck my
life bloody yeah I can't get this
fucking thing off my face if you fucking
stops making out you stick up
oh my where did you get those wandering
out these gather from Jesus they're my
secret weapon
I'm gonna fuck you fuck but five
thousand take care of the eight hey
monkey
I'm rapo brothers Warner it is now time
to unleash your giant alien cut and fuck
that woman to death
oh snap now you're mine bitch where did
you get it
I gave it to you through rape you are
mine now you are mine now you like it I
go to the gym I will remember you always
do you like sports I play racquetball
I want to fuck now yeah you bitch
don't fuck with a housewife now tank
that's cat and eater take the field and
catch you bitch
yarn oh shit okay I give up you can have
the Space Jam website I'll just create a
geo cities page instead fuck everything
