Sep 17, 2016
George Lucas Salad Unboxing Video #1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4z3xv2l9_k
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/777377839033319424
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153924510212634

okay um what we have here is a organic
girls new 50/50 spring mix and baby
spinach blend they just came out with
this a few months ago and I've been I've
been dying to try this the first package
I've I've gotten ahold of now the thing
with the 50-50 mix is you still have to
buy it like a whole bag of the spring
mix and a whole bag of the baby spinach
and you have to mix them together but
then then you won't have too much salad
so oh the perfect mix and as you can see
it has been washed three times so there
should be some some very clean salad
this package is sealed with the Vivi
plastic tab going across the side so you
know that your salad has not been
tampered with let's let's open up the
package now I'm going to use a fork to
unhinge the tag and now we can use the D
tabs without the top of the package to
open the salad oh God Oh hold on hold on
okay now today I have your bright farms
there are no local spinach blend which
means it's locally grown oh you're not
you're not getting this imported from
somewhere like Mexico where I'm I'm not
even sure if they make spinach there
they have an advertisement for their
next product hung on the box which is
some good marketing I always want to
sell that product that next product
enough coming out is very important it's
grown in Rochelle Illinois which well
quite frankly that's not very local as I
I live in San Francisco expiration date
is nine 23:16 so that's that should be
pretty fresh this particular packaging a
lot of times they have the tamper-proof
seal level that goes around the edge
not this particular variety though so I
cannot be sure that the spinach does not
have anthrax let's try and open the
package now this is a very complicated
tab right this is go here I don't oh oh
that goes up listen that's a new
innovation in packaging actually it may
actually hinder tampering because it's
very difficult to open but I feel very
secure with the spinach let's give the
test more time from you when you think
of spinach you think of like a pop I can
but not go haha are few part of long pop
trust me okay so today we have a
Roundy's brand Cobb salad with chicken
so that'll be exciting now the the
Roundy's Cobb salad it comes with its
own ranch but personally my personal go
to ranch is the Hidden Valley Ranch
light I keep one of these with me
everywhere I go because I have a salad
there's one of my glove box there's
there's one in my pocket my servant is
usually carrying around a few and I
every time I have a salad I I make sure
I have one of these nearby now the
Roundy's brand obviously as you can tell
by looking you don't get as much as you
do in the the Safeway brand salad but I
think the quality is just a little bit
higher and as you can see it's very nice
packaging it's a shiny reflective
plastic bottom and they put the
expiration date on the back where where
it's not it's not ruining the the
aesthetic view of the salad bowl which
is very nice so we have a ingredient
list on the back this is Cobb salad with
chicken those are the ingredients and
some phosphorus or something like plus
let's take a look and see what we get in
the zombies cough cylinder
I'm always a problem depends on what it
is
and Tampa hairs Newman's Own ranch and
I'm not I'm not quite fond of Newman not
the ranch I mean Paul Newman and okay
the salad itself it's a decent texture
for a salad that's been compacted in a
plastic bowl I know know what I might
normally do is I might have a separate
package of salad tubes in here instead
let me go grab that right no I I
personally prefer to mix in just a
little bit of the man's Greenleaf
singles just just to give the salad a
little bit of a spice and up this open
here should have hoped this up ahead of
time
oh I didn't think to do that
shred that up in there middle that'll
mix in with the rest of the salad just
to give it a little bit of extra texture
and I get one a hard-boiled egg a hold
on yeah yeah yeah Stephen so what's
going on with that new Indiana Jones
project he's too old
what do you mean he's too old he's only
78
oh he agrees to do it buddy man he
insist we kill him off again oh Jesus
Christ I made that man okay sorry about
that so we have some cherry tomatoes and
well as I'm sure it's a fentanyl I've
got to go call Stephen back Oh
