Dec 30, 2022
We Finally Watched Nukie: The VHS Grading Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lbdij5Vi8oY
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1608896135372079105
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/pfbid033cYjhzySiUqCPY6DnnMiEZbQyMuUgXBrFvA9eeSmf365hiRMuMnkvDuHFEQXTVKul
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedLetterMedia/comments/zz807n/we_finally_watched_nukie
https://www.redlettermedia.com/shorts-filmsrandom/wnjll3l72i12qrmhe2220hrgagsvmp

check this out guys a Nostalgia lover
shells out big bucks to go back in time
a near-mint condition sealed 1986 VHS
copy of the Blockbuster movie Back to
the Future just sold forget this 75
000 at an auction that's a new record
for a videotape there was even a bidding
war over it a sealed 1986 copy it was
from a collection owned by actor Tom
Wilson who played fifth tenant in the
80s classic film
Back to the Future is going for a
hundred thousand dollars I
that smells fishy to me because
back to the future is not rare there's
no famous Back to the Future Miss prince
it's like if you're if you're gonna
start if you're if you're gonna be a
scammy person in my opinion if you're
gonna be a scuzzy person who wants to
artificially create a market
and you wanna you want that big headline
such and such sold for a million dollars
and you want it to be a big headline
you're not going to pick the Obscure
thing that nobody's heard about you're
gonna say what what's popular uh oh Back
to the Future as everyone loves Back to
the Future Back to the Future yeah Back
to the Future sold for a million dollars
because that's a big famous important
movie you're not gonna base your your
fake Speculator or Market on like sleep
away camp 2
I thought about this
oh are you filming me sure what makes
something valuable well that's a complex
question with many answers but after
witnessing the sudden rise of the VHS
tape speculation Market we set out to
ask ourselves this very question after
all we do own thousands and thousands of
rare weird and disgusting VHS tapes do
we really think they're worth anything
nope
please state your name for the record uh
my name is Richard Evans and you're a
profession I am a certified expert in
Falling upwards VHS tapes were shitty
mass produced and I'm kind of glad
they're gone and obsolete they've been
replaced by better things suddenly out
of nowhere VHS tapes are now a a rare
and valuable commodity and supposedly a
huge collector's market now I I don't
know where this came from
first of all what is speculation in
economic terms it just means the buying
and selling of stuff that's risky it
could go up in value or decrease in
value it's not a stable commodity you
buy something in the hopes that one day
it will go up in value there's never
really been any kind of indicator that a
sealed VHS tape is one day going to be
worth lots of money so this craze of
buying and selling professionally graded
unopened VHS tapes sealed in plexiglass
is something new it's kind of like
playing the lottery just with worse odds
so I suppose if the tape is older maybe
from the mid 80s and still sealed it's
probably more rare than say a new copy
of Jerry Maguire but will that make it
valuable someday
is it just about Rarity
or is it more complex and Sinister than
that
we're here to talk about what makes
something valuable yes it was your
birthday recently and I have a birthday
present for you which pertains to this
very subject okay one of a kind or the
last of its kind to exist in the world
oh my God we have a therapy plus roller
the design of the single roller makes it
extremely effective for self-treatment
remember therapy plus is usually applied
by yourself however for the purpose of
this instructional tape I will
demonstrate the correct use
it's it's the thing it's the thing from
the thing we watch yes oh
that they just rolls now remember what
happened with this and this this goes
into why this could be valuable
a little term called
a tape as well
a little term called provenance which
means it has a story behind it the
creator of this was eventually sued
for fraud because he sold a spiky hair
brush
that had no medical value and claimed it
did yeah it's your arthritis and and Ms
yes yes yes yes yes it's so did your
taxes for you right we have a therapy
plus device with a little bit of
Providence to it it has a history it was
it's
uh now illegal
um I don't know but it it uh it it
exists in its original packaging never
used
uh the shipping containers there I'm
assuming it is exceedingly rare now is
there a market for those who collect
obscure no longer uh useful no longer
sold
bizarre
fad medical products I bet you there is
remember do you remember the sauna suit
they melted off by sauna ing yes Sana
the Swedish way to get rid of excess
body water easily and simply just sweat
it off I I remember the Hawaii chair
what's the Hawaii chair oh that's a
chair that had a thing that would spin
you around when you sat on it it had a
rotating seat okay and this is brilliant
infomercial where this this lady is like
trying to use like like she's trying to
do office work while she's sitting in
this chair and it's obviously the most
difficult thing in the world but it's a
commercial she has to act like it's
great oh
I can really feel this working Hawaii
chair while answering phones using the
computer balancing books or filing
paperwork there's another Factor too to
Rarity yeah it's Rarity relative to the
amount of people who give a [ __ ] about
it too because like you talk about the
the roller matron here the therapy plus
like the the three of us are the only
people who give a [ __ ] about the therapy
plus so financially this isn't going to
be worth that much because we're the
only persons who would care now none of
us are claiming to be experts in
collecting even though technically we're
collectors ourselves we own three
Gremlin puppets random props from Star
Trek the Next Generation
Back to the Future and even a Baby [ __ ]
from Baby's Day Out oh
we also own actual autographed props
used in the Froggy Fresh music videos
Remember Froggy Fresh Adam number six on
my list is online gotta get that super
hot John Cena lunch box then there are
things that are near and dear to us that
we framed and preserved our wall of
autographs for example some are made out
to us personally some just signed
pictures of celebrities that we like
we saved the page from a shooting script
that was doodled on by Macaulay Culkin
and we have an original drawing sent To
Us by Justin Roiland we also have props
from our own films like space cop and
Feeding Frenzy that we have on display
and last but not least the framed
original dick the birthday boy Polaroid
photo literally one of a kind we collect
these things simply because we like to
the value to us is sentimental they
aren't Investments and we're not betting
that any of it is going to go up in
value nor do we have plans to resell
them will some of it be worth something
someday maybe but that part isn't
important to us it's a hobby like
collecting bottle caps just way more
expensive and embarrassing
there's things that are mass produced
like baseball cards comic books stamps
where either they're thrown in the
garbage or there's one left of this kind
Superman was you know five Superman
comics exist in the world Rarity
um but then there's like one of a kind
objects that are
valuable because of their Association to
either a famous person or a famous event
like I always see those auctions where
it's like
uh the the soothebees is auctioning off
a letter from from John Lennon to Paul
McCartney a handwritten letter
in August 12 1972
Paul it's me John I hate your guts you
still owe me that money you still owe me
that money
I saw you last week in London and I
didn't want to talk to you so I passed
you by in the street you piece of trash
by the way your new record's pretty good
Yoko sends the best burn in hell John
you know and it's like okay framed good
condition it's written on like you know
college ruled notebook paper the letters
there right that's been ripped open by
Paul McCartney Providence that's that
has a story to it or like something I
suppose if we're like another letter to
like one member of Nickelback to another
member Nickelback yes that would
probably be worth far less yes it could
be worth a hundred dollars
I mean yes it could be worth a hundred
dollars yes somebody who really loves
Nickelback may like that but their
popularity is
somewhere under the Beatles it's
somewhere under the Beatles let's just
say that let's be coming
now let's get back to tapes we have a
large VHS and DVD collection or I guess
a better word for it is accumulation we
collect movies for two reasons the first
reason is we review them on our shows
but the second reason is that we're just
fans of weird bee movies we enjoy
watching old terrible movies and having
Bee Movie nights the condition of the
tapes isn't important to us as long as
it still plays so why would someone want
to collect a tape sealed in a case that
they could never ever open well it could
be as simple as they happen to love that
movie and want to save the best copy of
it they can but more likely is because
they are speculating in the value
increasing over time
because of the speculation it's it's
nothing new like people buy old cars and
you know they they go up in value and
people buy old comic books and they go
up in value lately
we've been and seeing uh uh things that
weren't classically Collectibles become
Collectibles you got like mass-produced
Nintendo cartridges collectible
collectible when everybody's collecting
something that severely limits its
possibility of it being valuable people
go on a craze and buy up things that
they think will be worth something in
the future the famous most famous One in
recent times is the Beanie Baby craze
when they're first released you can get
them for about five to seven dollars
once they retire the value goes up in
like two years there was like 245
dollars and stuff
and there is one Beanie Baby that's
actually worth money now
which one is the princess dye ones the
Princess Diana one and everybody bought
the Princess Diana one how did it become
worth money then because that's usually
that's usually the Achilles heel of the
Speculator Market everyone buys it think
it'll be worth something but everyone
bought it and there's too many here's
the stupid reason why yeah because when
they started making them they made a a
very small amount of them
with a certain kind of pellet inside
that made it heavier and then they
stopped it and said let's fill it with
these softer lighter pellets
that make them ship less cost to ship
less
so the if you find a Princess Diana
purple Beanie Baby with the different
kind of stuffing in it
that's worth
so how does one sell a VHS tape that
they dug out of a box in their basement
first of all it would need to be
professionally graded and authenticated
this is a service that can cost upwards
of a hundred dollars a tape which is not
a New Concept they've been doing that
with a lot of things but my question is
this
who the [ __ ] is an expert on VHS tapes
because they can't they can't rate the
tape the well the the grading companies
don't determine the value no no but
condition is one of the ways that people
who bid on these things determine value
and and that's where the the experts
come in because there's always experts
the thing is though if you have a sealed
copy of Back to the Future and you just
put it up on eBay and say I've uh then
people will say well what's the
condition grading
uh I don't know look at look at the
pictures and guess yourself it plays
great well I can't I'm not an expert did
you have it professionally graded no
well you should have a professionally
graded then put it on eBay so we could
see
what the condition is officially if
you're gonna be speculating that's
that's a useful tool yes exactly it
gives some kind of validity to what is
generally a scam if you're going to be a
parasite
to enrich yourself off of garbage you
found in a dumpster it's a very useful
tool it's like it's like when there is a
system in place you can trust the system
it's like the government you can always
trust the tax code right it's there or
it's there it's I it's there someone did
it someone set this up therefore I
should trust it your your copy of of of
Jaws
that's in in mint condition it could
have been sitting next to a magnet for
the last 30 years and that tape is
effectively blank all they can really
judge is the condition of the cardboard
box and
is that really what you're collecting
then it needs to be listed by a trusted
Auction House who then takes a
commission on the final sale price now
while this video isn't about the grading
companies or the auction houses we did
note one thing of Interest tapes being
auctioned on official Auction House
websites seem to have a lot more
individual bids than eBay in fact most
graded VHS tapes on eBay had zero bids
are we implying anything by mentioning
this not at all you're trying to get a
bunch of money easy what you do is you
go to the flea market
you grab every sealed copy you find of
like Jurassic Park and Titanic
and then you have your friend my opinion
my personal opinion your friend starts
the company who grades the tapes and hey
hey friend here's my copy of Jurassic
Park it's in great condition isn't it oh
yeah yeah friend my Grading Company says
that's 9.0 I'm gonna hand it to my other
friend who works at the auction house
and oh look it's now worth a hundred
thousand dollars this video however is
not about the credibility of grading
companies or the auction houses there
are plenty of other videos on the
internet about that if that's your
interest no we're more fascinated by
what makes something valuable
well oh what the [ __ ] is this well VHS
tapes go up in value and say 10 20 years
are we sitting on a gold mine in our
screening room
nope the movies that seem to fetch the
most money are generally popular movies
oftentimes the earlier the release the
more it's worth for example John
Carpenter's Halloween probably released
a million times on all different formats
but this particular VHS tape is graded
at a nine it's sealed and it's from 1981
which means it's probably a very early
if not the first edition or this copy of
first blood on beta never opened I think
it's the original release near perfect
condition and seal of course or this
first printing of Goonies which someone
is asking seventy five thousand dollars
for so we decided to do a little
experimenting come on oh [ __ ]
the tapes are this way
hurry I'm going we can find another tank
no I'm on my way
we found six random movies in various
forms from our collection to send off to
a Grading Company just to see what
happens
so I'm checking out now
and I'm paying the 85 fee to have our
tape graded professionally graded
professionally graded by a company on
the internet all right Rich the
experiment begins
what we said was a sealed copy of
Jurassic Park in pretty good condition
not sure the year of the release but
it's possible it's a first edition
because there's a promotional sticker on
it another Hollywood movie in the best
condition we could find was Rocky IV
this one graded really well condition
wise not movie-wise
a really good condition release of Conan
the Barbarian then we have death ring
super obscure movie for sure but this is
a sealed promotional copy the noteworthy
thing about death ring is that this is a
promotional copy not for resale
and it's also Factory seal so is this
rare
probably how many promotional copies of
Death ring exist in sealed form
I don't think anybody knows
it's like how many licks does it take to
get to the center of a Tootsie Roll pop
no one ever really finds out
as they get too impatient and they bite
into the time then we have tentacles
now this is a totally fake tape created
by actor writer producer Rob schrob uh
this one has
fake pictures on the back
it's Bill Hader from something and one
of the interesting things is that we
shrink wrap this
but the horror stickers under the shrink
wrap and same with the video update
video store sticker is under the shrink
wrap which means it's been post shrink
wrapped by someone but it's not even a
real movie so we'll see what the grading
service makes of this we wanted to see
if a tape with so many obvious red flags
would just get graded without a second
thought but to the grading company's
credit they dismissed the tape and
didn't charge us for the grading service
lastly and most importantly a sealed
copy of a movie that's oftentimes the
butt of the joke
forgotten terrible movie that was never
released on any format past VHS other
than LaserDisc over the years people
have sent us Nuki tapes and we've even
bought them off eBay whenever we had the
chance it became kind of a running joke
of our own collecting them and teasing
that one day we might watch Nuki on our
show best of the worst we're proud to
say we very well could be the owners of
the world's largest collection of Nuki
VHS tapes what's the ratio of sealed to
unsealed new keys on our Nikki shelf
sealed can be a trick because sometimes
the bottom is open so we found a copy of
Nuki in the best condition and sent it
off to be graded
oh look at that
I think it did pretty well
now it's time to test the theories we
presented in this video what makes
something valuable so we have Nuki it's
currently sealed it's a rare VHS tape
and while this movie isn't popular or
famous like a lot of the other tapes we
see on auction it does have a bit of
notoriety this specific tape is also now
famous well sort of famous internet
famous from being in this red letter
media video it's not much but it's
something lastly and most importantly
remember when I said we could possibly
have the world's largest collection of
Nuki tapes on the planet well our final
criteria for value is Rarity what if we
were to make this sealed and preserved
Nuki tape even more rare by destroying
every copy of Nuki we collected over the
last decade well Jay we have a 104
copies of Nuki and VHS that we plan to
destroy today that's right but first we
realized that none of us have ever
actually watched Nuki so we sat down and
we had a special magical screening of
Nuki the last screening ever of gnocchi
the memories that'll last a lifetime
same time he's an alien Ridge
I suppose
this is makeup looky
first and last screening of Nuki and I'm
actually glad we watched it because I
realized that I [ __ ] hate the movie
it's awful
it's boring it's shitty it's repetitive
one more come on one more
yeah
maybe one more
we'll just have that plane over the
entire uh destruction of all the tastes
oh God just over
I am glad we are destroying all these
copies of gnocchi we're doing a great
service to humankind
freely
oh 75 of this movie has been them just
saying each other's names yes I know
oh stop saying dookie and Miko please
well let's get going Nuki was looking
for America and he found it this is
America Nuki as experts in destroying
tapes we talked about the many different
ways we could get rid of all of these
copies of Nuki a giant vat of acetone
hitting them with hammers or blunt force
probably would take a while and be very
exhausting setting them on fire maybe
but what about all the toxic burning
plastic fumes shooting them with guns
we thought something more spectacular
might be in order we bought a wood
chipper
Jared anafago wood chipper but I think
it'll get the job done
some new keys eh [ __ ] yeah
all right
okay
I think just to spice some things up
right now we're gonna
take the dark lord of the Sith and we're
gonna fire some new keys at him
direct directly at his crotch
just randomly sent us and we got it in
the mail today
so thank you to Ian and Hannah for this
wonderful gift

well now that we've destroyed as many
copies of new keys we possibly could
hopefully that'll now make our graded
mint condition
sealed VHS copy of Nuki more valuable
right
are there more new keys out there in the
world
probably but not as many now so now
let's test the lessons that we've
learned in this video that's right we're
going to auction off this maybe rare
copy of Nuki sealed in plexiglass but to
show that we're not actual monsters
we're going to donate all the money
earned from the auction to charity
for real that's right we're going to
split it between two Charities uh St
Jude's Children's Research Hospital and
the Wisconsin Humane Society what what
what what two great Charities I could
think of no better Charities to give to
well Nuki has animals and children so
it's appropriate the the the the most
innocent things in the world that suffer
our cancer kids and homeless animals and
God bless them both we're going to try
to give them as much money as we can by
auctioning off this talking tape
so bid on it you dumb
so the Ebay link is in the description
below and happy bidding this could be
yours who wouldn't want that
will this graded VHS go for a lot of
money who knows we'll see you know Jay
I'm gonna miss all those new key tapes
up in the screening room don't be sad
Mike we've replaced the Nuki tape rack
with a photo of the Nuki tape rack so
it'll always be there in the background
that's great that warms my cold dead
heart
wow well
okay looks like we're done for today
good shoot everybody
see you guys tomorrow
